# Gather.Town

Gather is a virtual gathering space that combines a workspace with video game elements. I was a bit shocked that I had not heard about this prior and I'm a big fan of the concept. In a world where COVID is still prevalent, remote work can be boring. Gather attempts to remedy this by allowing people to build their own workspace and meet with their colleagues with their own avatars. It features video and proximity chat, whiteboards, and various other tools that would be used in a regular meeting. 

There are a few things that I think fits well. Firstly, Gather allows for great customizability; users are able to create and design their own workspace. This can be a copy of their actual office or something completely random. It provides video game-like qualities that mimic games such as Terraria and Minecraft. I think this direction is great for two reasons: the first being a different method of interacting with others and a greater sense of agency. Currently, there are not a lot of methods to interact with others through Zoom or other online events. Gather solves this by providing a sense of agency in their actions through their avatar, whether it be to visit their colleague or join a whiteboard room. One great feature is the addition of proximity chat. By simply walking away, users are able to connect or disconnect from video chats. Additionally, users are able to create their own spaces to chat without other people listening. Lastly, the art direction, using pixel art, greatly enhances the game-like experience that Gather provides. 

I spent some time creating my own space but I noticed a minor issue. When creating your own space, some aspects may not be intuitive. For example, it is not obvious how big a table should be to ensure that all participants can hear. However, this is with my limited experience using Gather and it could’ve been me just missing a tutorial or a setting that turns on indicators. 

One feature that I would like to add would be to allow users to create and add their own clothes or accessories to their avatar. This greatly enhances the customizability and allows users to really personalize their character. 
